<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><title></title><link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" /></head><body><h1>Chapter 1640 - : Traitor Bai</h1><div><div><h2>Chapter 1640: Traitor Bai</h2></div><p></p><p><strong>Translator: </strong>Atlas Studios <i></i> <strong>Editor: </strong>Atlas Studios</p></div><div><div><div><div><div><p>Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were all standing together, resisting Fang Yuan desperately and courageously while feeling anxiety, fear and panic.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Fang Yuan frowned, he found that his will could not be instilled endlessly, after reaching a certain amount, he could not send any more.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Furthermore, when his will was instilled, his main body could only watch as the wills fought. Thus, his vast number of wisdom path methods could not work here.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Heaven form was rank nine, while Fang Yuan’s wisdom path methods were just rank eight at best. Even if they could affect the killer move heaven form, Fang Yuan did not want to try them, if he triggered the counterattack of the killer move, that would be a problem. Even if there was no counterattack, destroying heaven form would also make him lose the greatest treasure here.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Qi clan’s Gu Immortals needed heaven form to deal with Fang Yuan and protect themselves. Fang Yuan also wanted heaven form greatly, because he needed more strength to deal with the obstacles from Heavenly Court in the River of Time.</p></div></div><div><div><p></p><p>Thus, both sides had to compete using the most basic form of attacking through their wills.</p></div></div><div><div><p>In this regard, Fang Yuan was deeply experienced. After suffering at the hands of Mo Yao, he had practiced tirelessly to remove this weakness, it was his advantage now.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were not Fang Yuan’s match, but they had strength in numbers, their cumulative will was much greater than Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.</p></div></div><div><div><p>As time passed, Fang Yuan’s advantage grew, but he could not turn this advantage into victory. The Qi clan Gu Immortals were resisting him stubbornly, they were outperforming themselves.</p></div></div><div><div><p>In fact, Fang Yuan still had one worry left, it was Bai Ning Bing.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Bai Ning Bing had once backstabbed him, she was an unstable element in this situation.</p></div></div><div><div><p>But thankfully, the heaven’s will fortress at the top was very strong and did not waver, no matter how Qi clan’s Gu Immortals attacked it, there were no traces of it breaking down.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Fang Yuan started to feel troubled, at this rate, even if he got past or destroyed the Qi clan Gu Immortals’ wills, he might not have enough will left to deal with the heaven’s will at the center.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Time and again, Qi clan’s wills retreated while Fang Yuan’s will moved like a dragon, coiling around Qi clan’s wills, encircling them.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Qi clan’s wills were shocked, if Fang Yuan destroyed their encircled wills, they would be in deeper trouble, they would not be able to stop Fang Yuan from leaving.</p></div></div><div><div><p></p><p>Thus, the wills that had just dispersed gathered together again as they charged at Fang Yuan.</p></div></div><div><div><p>“Bai Ning Bing, block them.” Fang Yuan rapidly ordered.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Bai Ning Bing’s will was like an ice wall, it stabbed into the battlefield, but it defended Qi clan’s wills as it started to attack Fang Yuan!</p></div></div><div><div><p>Qi clan’s wills were greatly shocked, at the crucial moment, Bai Ning Bing had betrayed him.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Fang Yuan’s will was caught off guard by Bai Ning Bing, he was very angry.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Qi clan’s wills observed for a moment and became very happy, they attacked Fang Yuan from another direction.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Fang Yuan’s will continued to reduce in size, he had to give up on taking down Qi clan’s wills.</p></div></div><div><div><p>“Bai Ning Bing, you traitor, I will not forgive you!” Fang Yuan’s will roared, but the outcome was decided, he had to escape with his remaining will.</p></div></div><div><div><p>“Fang Yuan, with your personality, after getting heaven form, won’t you deal with me? I am the descendant of Bai Xiang, heaven form killer move is my fortuitous encounter. Hahaha!” Bai Ning Bing’s will laughed maniacally: “This is a great chance, after defeating you here, my entire life will become dazzling and hopeful as a result.”</p><p><i>1</i></p></div></div><div><div><p></p><p>Bai Ning Bing did not want to let Fang Yuan’s will off, she chased after him.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Fang Yuan’s will could only escape.</p></div></div><div><div><p>“What are you all waiting for? Come and help!” Bai Ning Bing’s will roared at Qi clan’s wills.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Qi clan’s wills were also heavily damaged, after thinking for a bit, Qi Fa’s will shouted: “Don’t move, there might be a trap, let them fight it out.”</p></div></div><div><div><p>Fang Yuan’s will was attacked by Bai Ning Bing’s will and was terribly damaged, it was much smaller than Bai Ning Bing’s will now. Eventually, she encircled him and fought until he was completely exterminated.</p></div></div><div><div><p>“To think that the demon Fang Yuan would be the first to fall!”</p></div></div><div><div><p>“No matter how vigilant he was, he could not defend against an internal threat.”</p></div></div><div><div><p>“Hahaha, this is the rise of our Qi clan, this is a great opportunity. Let’s go, we must exterminate Bai Ning Bing’s will too!”</p></div></div><div><div><p>Qi clan’s wills attacked again, even though Bai Ning Bing’s will resisted stubbornly, two fists could not rival four palms, she was eventually wiped out as well.</p></div></div><div><div><p>“We succeeded!”</p></div></div><div><div><p></p><p>“Heaven form is ours!!”</p></div></div><div><div><p>Qi clan’s wills were drowning in joy, now that they had no enemies left, they gathered and attacked the heaven’s will fortress.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Boom!</p></div></div><div><div><p>At once, an explosion occurred at the heaven’s will fortress, a large amount of heaven’s will gushed out like uncaged beasts, attacking Qi clan’s wills.</p></div></div><div><div><p>All along, this heaven’s will had been defensive in nature, Qi clan’s wills were deceived and forgot that it could move freely.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Heaven’s will’s retaliation was a huge surprise to Qi clan’s wills, they suffered huge losses.</p></div></div><div><div><p>“How can there be so much heaven’s will?”</p></div></div><div><div><p>“Impossible!”</p></div></div><div><div><p>“Heaven’s will is crafty, it deceived us of its strength, I am unresigned!”</p></div></div><div><div><p>“Quickly resist it, we cannot afford to lose!”</p></div></div><div><div><p></p><p>Qi clan’s wills were determined and went all in, from a dangerous situation, they gradually stabilized it and eventually managed to gain the advantage over heaven’s will, when there was little heaven’s will left, the core was exposed, awaiting its new owner.</p></div></div><div><div><p>“We finally won!” A moment later, Qi clan’s wills were about to cry from joy. They only had a bit of will left, but heaven’s will was finally gone.</p></div></div><div><div><p>“I’m afraid not.” Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s will appeared again.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Qi clan’s wills were shocked, they started shouting.</p></div></div><div><div><p>“You, you were already eliminated right?”</p></div></div><div><div><p>“Impossible! You already used up your will, normally, you will need a thousand years before you can send your will in again.”</p></div></div><div><div><p>“Did you unravel this rank nine killer move? No, no way, this is a rank nine killer move originating from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable!”</p></div></div><div><div><p>Fang Yuan’s will snickered but he did not explain, he attacked.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Qi clan’s wills were like tiny rabbits, Fang Yuan attacked them like a fierce tiger, easily getting rid of them without much obstruction.</p></div></div><div><div><p>And next, Fang Yuan’s will replaced heaven’s will and went into the core area.</p></div></div><div><div><p>He was the final victor!</p></div></div><div><div><p>Opening his eyes, he saw the five Qi clan Gu Immortals escaping in a panic.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Fang Yuan did not stop them, this Immortal Gu House and public blessed land had the Five Xiang’s arrangements, they would definitely stop him if he attacked.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Bai Ning Bing stood by Fang Yuan’s side motionlessly, she did not have any intentions of escaping.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Everything that happened was part of Fang Yuan’s plan.</p></div></div><div><div><p>He purposely orchestrated a show, having Bai Ning Bing betray him. He wanted to deceive not just Qi clan’s Gu Immortals, but also heaven’s will.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Fang Yuan had much more experience against heaven’s will than Qi clan’s Gu Immortals. he deduced that heaven’s will had a lot of battle strength remaining, even if he defeated Qi clan’s wills, he would not be the match of heaven’s will.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Thus, he purposely backed off and hid away a portion of his will.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Of course, Bai Ning Bing’s will was truly wiped out. The advantage of this was that other than tricking Qi clan’s Gu Immortals, he could prevent her from doing anything at the most crucial moment.</p></div></div><div><div><p>The wills of Qi clan’s Gu Immortals were already weakened by Fang Yuan earlier, because they were facing huge problems and pressure, they were unable to see through Fang Yuan’s plot.</p></div></div><div><div><p>It was difficult indeed.</p></div></div><div><div><p>When wills thought about things, they would be expended. The smaller the will, the less it could think. Qi clan’s Gu Immortals also had to ensure that they had enough strength left to deal with heaven’s will.</p></div></div><div><div><p>The outcome was as Fang Yuan predicted, he was the final winner.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Heaven form was under Fang Yuan’s control, at this moment, he did not inspect, he turned to look at Bai Ning Bing with a deep gaze.</p></div></div><div><div><p>“Oh Bai Ning Bing… are you really not going to run?” Fang Yuan’s eyes burst out with killing intent.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Bai Ning Bing’s value had been squeezed out, she was not like Shadow Sect’s members, she was not under Fang Yuan’s control.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Since he obtained heaven form, it was time to settle this problem.</p></div></div><div><div><p>The atmosphere was tense, Fang Yuan’s killing intent was rising.</p></div></div><div><div><p>They were about to fight at any moment.</p></div></div><div><div><p>Evidently, Fang Yuan was not someone Bai Ning Bing could defeat at the moment. Even though the killer move Bai Xiang was a powerful move that had once terrorized Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, Bai Ning Bing’s cultivation level was too low now, her foundation was far weaker than Fang Yuan.</p></div></div><div><div><p>If they fought, Bai Ning Bing would die for sure!</p></div></div></div></div></div><div align="left">
        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know &lt; report chapter &gt; so we can fix it as soon as possible. </div></body></html>